Secure BigBank Demo
===================

This application is a copy of the big bank demo but with various security policies 
in force. For example, the wire between the AccountServiceComponent requires="tuscany:wsAuthentication"

The application is made of 3 modules that represent the different aspects 
of a fictitious banking application. Please see bigbank.png in the secure-bigbank-account 
directory for a diagram of this demo.

To run the secure-bigbank-account demo you need to first run secure-bigbank-calculator and 
secure-bigbank-stockquote application. This will bring up Tuscany runtime and load the two 
applications and make them available as services. Secure-bigbank-account is dependent on these 
services.

This demo uses ant. This is just one way of running this demo. 

Start secure-bigbank-calculator composite
-----------------------------------------

Secure-bigbank-calculator is a calculator application which handles add, subtract, multiply and 
divide operations. Each of these operations is implemented in a different language, 
including JavaScript, groovy, Ruby and Python.

To run the secure-bigbank-calculator composite and make it available as a service for this 
demo do the following:

cd secure-bigbank-calculator
ant compile  
ant run

.. Leave the server running

Note that 'ant compile' needs to be done the first time you run this demo out of the 
binary distribution. No need to do 'ant compile' from there on.

Start secure-bigbank-stockquote
-------------------------------

A very simple web services based stock quote application which returns random 
stock quotes on request. Please note that the stockquote service is not live and is 
implemented instead to allow for this application to always run without dependency on the 
availability of a webservice.

cd secure-bigbank-stockquote
ant compile  
ant run

.. Leave the server running

Note that 'ant compile' needs to be done the first time you run this demo out of the 
binary distribution. No need to do 'ant compile' from there on.

Start secure-bigbank-account 
---------------------
  
Secure-bigbank-account is entry point to this application running on Tuscany. 
Secure-bigbank-account composite calls into secure-bigbank-stockquote and 
secure-bigbank-calculator services. Start secure-bigbank-account in the following way:

cd secure-bigbank-account
ant compile 
ant run

.. Leave the server running

Note that 'ant compile' needs to be done the first time you run this demo out of the  
binary distribution. No need to do 'ant compile' from there on.

Run the demo
------------- 
The front end of this demo application is a web app which users Json/RPC to communicate 
with the backend for retrieving account information. 

To try the app out point you browser at:

http://localhost:8080/AccountJSON.html

This should display an interface with a single button that goes and retrieves 
a single set of account details exercising services across the three running 
SCA applications. 

If you press on getAccountReport, you'll see a response posted, but the detail of the 
data will be displayed in the screen where you started secure-bigbank-account.


Stop the demo
-------------
Go to each of the corresponding command line screens and hit 'enter'. This will stop each 
of the applications.
 

